c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ImageProcess.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ImageProcess.pdb
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\zlib.net.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ImageProcess.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ImageProcess.pdb
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ImageProcess.dll
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ImageProcess.pdb
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\zlib.net.dll
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ImageProcess.dll
d:\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ImageProcess.pdb
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ImageProcess.dll
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ImageProcess.pdb
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\zlib.net.dll
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ImageProcess.dll
d:\!Scanner\_scanner\ScannerUtility\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ImageProcess.pdb
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ImageProcess.dll
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ImageProcess.pdb
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\zlib.net.dll
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ImageProcess.dll
C:\Users\Roothema\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\ImageProcess\obj\Debug\ImageProcess.pdb
