c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\obj\x86\Debug\Scanner.Form1.resources
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\obj\x86\Debug\Scanner.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\Scanner.exe
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\Scanner.pdb
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\ImageProcess.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\NxtController.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\NKH.MindSqualls.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\zlib.net.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\ImageProcess.pdb
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\NxtController.pdb
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\NKH.MindSqualls.pdb
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\NKH.MindSqualls.xml
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\obj\x86\Debug\Scanner.exe
c:\users\roothema\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Scanner\Scanner\obj\x86\Debug\Scanner.pdb
